Update dbt-explorer-faqs.md (#6872)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/dbt-explorer-faqs.md

</Expandable>

> <Expandable alt_header="Why does the dbt Explorer not show details that were there previously?" >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Expandable alt_header="Why did previously visible data in dbt Explorer disappear?" >
```

> The dbt Explorer will delete any stale data after 3 months so you want to ensure that you are running jobs with the necessary commands more frequently than that. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt Explorer automatically deletes stale metadata after 3 months if no jobs were run to refresh it. To avoid this, make sure you schedule jobs to run more frequently than 3 months with the necessary commands.
```
